I
this is Lock and Load shows GNN gun dae
shin new look at gun stories and issues
making the headlines and back pages I'm
Andy waits lose a gun in Pittsburgh or
just have it stolen and you must report
it that's the law in Pittsburgh unless
the NRA wins a lawsuit they filed
against the mayor and city council the
NRA says the city has no authority to
regulate firearms ownership and that the
law severely restricts and or infringes
your second Amendment rights the law
went into effect in December and the NRA
filed their suit Friday April 24th in
Allegheny County Court will keep you
updated on that a Texas state
representative wants to prevent a repeat
of the virginia tech massacre by
allowing trustworthy students to carry
concealed weapons on campus garland
Republican Joe driver introduced a bill
to the Texas House driver said the only
people not carrying guns on college
campuses now are the people that abide
by the law criminals know campuses are a
gun-free zone and they know they can go
there and only find an occasional
policeman so we want to expand the zones
where gun owners who are licensed to
carry concealed weapons can protect
themselves and others since the Virginia
Tech tragedy two years ago 19 states
have rejected similar laws local and
state police both scrambled to a parking
garage in a mall in Annapolis Maryland
they converged on 8 juveniles and a
couple of 18 year olds who are playing
with airsoft type guns that resembled
rifles and handguns police receive
reports that the use were passing one
supposed firearm from person to person
one witness says somebody pointed a gun
in their direction the teams were all
arrested and charged with disorderly
conduct and reckless endangerment
you know or shoot your mouth off segment
concerns over President Obama's
intentions are making many gun
enthusiasts a bit nervous you may have
seen the petitions and gun stores and
sporting goods shops across America
asking the President to leave our guns
alone a report from the Department of
Homeland Security site several supposed
security risks and suggest that those
who purchase legal firearms and
ammunition and oppose laws that restrict
the Second Amendment should be watched
as potential terrorists we asked
ordinary Americans to shoot their mouths
off about their concerns regarding the
Obama administration's take on gun
rights he's our national icon at this
time and it'd just be nice for him to
respect our wishes that we would like to
have our rights and we would like to be
able to protect ourselves because once
we take the guns away from people like
me and my husband and obviously you guys
then who's gonna have them it's going to
be the bad people that are going to hurt
me and I'm not going to get rid of my
gun the pentagon's non-lethal weapons
program is a waste of money according to
a new report from the Government
Accountability Office the GAO report
says the no kill weapons program has
cost 400 million dollars since 1996 and
created zero useful weapons here's what
we're talking about you might remember
the Active Denial system or pain ray it
focuses microwaves on a target skin
intense pain but no lasting effect where
it's great on a group of journalists
that were importantly zap during a
demonstration a few years back it takes
16 hours to warm up the weighs in at
nine tons it's so complicated it can't
be fixed in the field so after spending
55 million the DoD decided not to deploy
it overseas they are still tweaking it
however and there are other programs
that have fizzled entirely the mobility
denial system aka slippery foam that
makes the roads impassable used way too
much water huh here's to figure that one
out and don't forget laser dazzle errs
this device temporarily blinds mobs but
the report says this non-lethal weapon
is dangerous several GIS had their
vision impaired at least one permanently
when they were accidentally nailed by
lasers from a truck mounted dazzler if I
lay speaking of getting
nail police in Australia are looking for
the gun used in the brutal murder of a
Chinese immigrant the gun they're
looking for is a nail gun look at this
x-ray of a 27 year old Chinese immigrant
according to the first post about 35 3
inch nails were shot into the victims
skull last year his bound and
decomposing body was found by kids in a
marsh in southern sydney cops say they
had never seen a murder of this nature
using a nail gun so that's why they've
released the picture hoping to get
information from the public well that's
it for this edition of GNN gun nation
new from Lock and Load show where our
first and second Amendment rights
intersect I'm Andy waits thank you for
joining us
you